[Autogenerated] Now that you've had your little tour of the sample project,
it's time to transform the A P I that we've been working with
earlier into an AWS serverless application.
And we'll do that by first copying files and some code from
the new sample project into our old A.
P.
I and I did consider going the opposite direction,
adding the code from our existing AP I into the sample project,
but I prefer to use my working project is the base,
since it does have a lot more logic in it,
I'll use the project as it was prior to adding the doctor support and apply the
needed files and other co changes to do the transformation.
Then we'll need to make some edits that give our absolute needed permissions
and finally clean out any excess code from the files we copied over that are
specific to that sample s three proxy controller.
If you want to follow along,
then the solution you want from the downloads is the
before solution for this module.
Otherwise,
you can use the version of the solution that you ended up
with After applying the logic to read from the Systems
Manager And with that project in hand,
we first need to update the CS Project file with the AWS Newgate
packages and that AWS Project type element.
So I'll copy that AWS Project type element first,
then paste that into my C s prod.
And then I'll copy just two of the AWS packages.
The 3rd 1 is related to s three, so I don't really need that.
So I'll copy them into my C s project file.
Next,
we need to copy over the three files that are
specific to the serverless application.
The three files that I want our AWS Lambda Tools Default Jason Lambda
entry point dot CS and Server List Out template.
I don't need local entry point, though,
because that's just a renamed program dot CS file.
After copying them in,
I do need to change the name space of the Lambda Entry Point
class because right now it's got the name space of the
project that came from the template.
So I just need to change that name space to net core a p I to
match the rest of the classes in this project.
And if I forgot to do this,
the compiler would be happy to remind me about that problem.
There's one more important bit of copying we need to do here.
The unit method in the Lambda Entry Point class doesn't
know about reading the systems Manager parameter store to
get the database credentials.
So I'll flip over to the program CS file and copy that bit of logic,
then back over to Lambda Entry Point and paste it in.
And I've got to get the name space in here a swell there.
Remember,
there were some changes in upsetting start Jason and the start of class,
but those were all related to that s three proxy controller.
So we don't need to copy any of the code from those two files,
which means that's it for what we need to copy into our project.
I do realize that this was a lot of steps to keep track of,
and we still have a few more to go.
So at the end of this module,
I'll provide an itemized list of all the changes I
made during this transformation. So you don't have to worry about forgetting the details